Keep v3 injected environment variable list (#2313)
tox-dev/tox: docs/changelog/2259.bugfix.rst

> Insert ``TOX_WORK_DIR``, ``TOX_ENV_NAME``, ``TOX_ENV_DIR`` and ``VIRTUAL_ENV`` environment variables for each tox
> environments environment variables to keep contract with tox version 3 - by :user:`gaborbernat`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insert ``TOX_WORK_DIR``, ``TOX_ENV_NAME``, ``TOX_ENV_DIR`` and ``VIRTUAL_ENV`` into the environment variables for all tox environments to keep contract with tox version 3 - by :user:`gaborbernat`.
```

Reviewer: What do you think of the updated sentence? The previous one was a bit hard to understand.

Author: Sure :+1:

Reviewer: You are too fast 😎

Author: Done in https://github.com/tox-dev/tox/commit/669faa563e4ecf975ce74b9911652e5a1fa37f0c
